update carousel styles (#152)
Grupo-AFAL/frontend-helpers: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.4.19] - 2021-11-22

> - Updated fe_carousel file to center the images in the carousel component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated fe_carousel stylesheet to center images inside the carousel component
```
